Zhang Fan
Why are you soft as soon as you get married?
Zhang Fan, do you know how much this cup costs?
How much is it? I said you are a turtle.
That's the cup for looking at white jade.
White marble cup
Bring us your strong legs too.
I already let you taste it
You still have to say it.
Let me tell you something.
You have to pay for begging
Then tell me what's wrong with me
This marble wine glass
I bought it 240,000
But for the sake of our classmates
I won't corrupt you either.
How about I just take your 120,000?
Let me go for you.
20,000
Really expensive
120,000 indeed
You just married into the Wang family as a door-to-door son-in-law
120,000 you can't get it out
Don't be nervous, we're all old classmates after all.
How about this?
My shoes and baby
As long as you help me cut my leather shoes clean
Let's forget about this
Excuse me?
It's late baby you're just in time
I just happened to come to see Zhang Da and give me some leather shoes
Is it? See you next time.
Now it's my brother Qiang
Hahaha
Hahahaha Zhang University Bar lick it